Feat(silent Alert): Updates in alert condition threshold setup (#20395)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/alerts/create-alert/examples/view-entity-health-status-find-entities-without-alert-conditions.mdx

With <InlinePopover type="alerts"/> you can easily tell whether an entity (the target for the notification) has one or more conditions associated with it:

> * If <DNT>**yes**</DNT>, its health status indicator on the selected index (APM, browser, etc.) will be color-coded to the current state. To view a summary of current alert incidents, mouse over its health status indicator. However, if the [<DNT>**Do not report system health status**</DNT> toggle is enabled](/docs/alerts/create-alert/create-alert-condition/alert-conditions/#disable-health-status-reporting) while setting thresholds for alert conditions, the indicator will not change color, even if an alert incident occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If <DNT>**yes**</DNT>, its health status indicator on the selected index (APM, browser, etc.) will be color-coded to the current state. To view a summary of current alert incidents, place the mousepointer over its health status indicator. However, if the [<DNT>**Do not report system health status**</DNT> toggle is enabled](/docs/alerts/create-alert/create-alert-condition/alert-conditions/#disable-health-status-reporting) while setting thresholds for alert conditions, the indicator will not change color, even when an alert incident occurs.
```
